Feature/lit 2726 Lit Action Plus Documentation (#274)
LIT-Protocol/docs: docs/sdk/serverless-signing/combining-signatures.md

import FeedbackComponent from "@site/src/pages/feedback.md";

# Combine Signatures Within an Action

## Overview 

> Within a lit action, you may choose to combine a signature from a `pkp` from within the context of an action. Meaning signature shares from each node will be combined and given to every node which recieved a request to execute the given action. Combining within an action may be useful if you wish to take advantage of the `secure compute enviorment` offered by the Lit network. Actions which take combine signatures from within their own execution context will no provide the shares of the signatures to the client. So all information will stay in the trusted execution enviorment (TEE).

Reviewer: Copy suggestion: 

Current: 
"Within a lit action, you may choose to combine a signature from a `pkp` from within the context of an action. Meaning signature shares from each node will be combined and given to every node which recieved a request to execute the given action. Combining within an action may be useful if you wish to take advantage of the `secure compute enviorment` offered by the Lit network. Actions which take combine signatures from within their own execution context will no provide the shares of the signatures to the client. So all information will stay in the trusted execution enviorment (TEE)."

Suggestion:
"When you [sign a message](https://developer.litprotocol.com/v3/sdk/serverless-signing/quick-start) with Lit, `signature shares` are typically combined client-side to form the complete signature. The `signAndCombineEcdsa` function allows you to combine these shares within a Lit Action, meaning they will remain within the confines of each [Lit node's TEE](https://developer.litprotocol.com/v3/resources/how-it-works#1-lit-nodes) and not exposed to the end client. 

When you call `signAndCombineEcdsa`, the `signature shares` are collected from each Lit node and combined on a _single_ node."

^^ that function is only run on a single node right?

Reviewer 2: @a1ttech  - like decryption, sign & combine is performed on all nodes.    The resulting signature should probably only be used by a single node, at which time you would typically execute a `runOnce` command.

import FeedbackComponent from "@site/src/pages/feedback.md";

# Combine Signatures Within an Action

## Overview 

> When you sign a message with using [Lit's PKPs](https://developer.litprotocol.com/v3/sdk/serverless-signing/quick-start), signature shares are typically combined client-side to form the complete signature. The signAndCombineEcdsa function allows you to combine these shares within a Lit Action, meaning they will remain within the confines of each Lit node's TEE and not exposed to the end client.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
When you sign a message with using [Lit's PKPs](https://developer.litprotocol.com/v3/sdk/serverless-signing/quick-start), signature shares are typically combined client-side to form the complete signature. The `signAndCombineEcdsa` function allows you to combine these shares within a Lit Action, meaning they will remain within the confines of each Lit node's trusted execution environment (TEE) and not exposed to the end client.
```

When you call signAndCombineEcdsa, the signature shares are collected from each Lit node before they are combined on a single node.

## Signing a message

```js
const code = `(async () => {
  // sign "hello world" and allow all the nodes to combine the signature and return it to the action.

>   let utf8Encode = new TextEncoder();

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  const utf8Encode = new TextEncoder();
```

const res = client.executeJs({
    code,
    sessionSigs: {} // your session
    jsParams: {
      publicKey: "<your pkp public key>",
      sigName: 'fooSig',
    }
});

console.log("response from singing in a transaction: ", res);
```

## Signing a Transaction
With the built in `EthersJS` we are able to take advantage of the `serializeTxnForSigning` implementations and serialize a transaction, which is then signed, combined and then sent back to the client.

```js
const code = `(async () => {
  const sigName = "sig1";
  // example transaction
  let txn = {
      to: "0x70997970C51812dc3A010C7d01b50e0d17dc79C8",
      value: 1000000000000000,
      gasPrice: 20000000000,
      nonce: 0,
  };

  // using ether's serializeTransaction
  // https://docs.ethers.org/v5/api/utils/transactions/#transactions--functions
  const serializedTx = ethers.utils.serializeTransaction(txn);
  let hash = utils.keccak256(ethers.utils.toUtf8Bytes(serializedTx));
  // encode the message into an uint8array for signing
  const toSign = await new TextEncoder().encode(hash);
  const signature = await Lit.Actions.signAndCombineEcdsa({
      toSign,
      publicKey,
      sigName,
  });

>   // set the response to the signature output. but no need to send the signature out of the action

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  // set the response to the signature output, but no need to send the signature out of the action
```

>   // set the response to the signature output. but no need to send the signature out of the action
>   // if your use case requires the signature to not be seen by the client

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  // here we're setting the response to the signature output, but there's no need to do this
  // if your use case requires the signature to not be seen by the client
```

  Lit.Actions.setResponse({
    response: signature
  });
})();
`;

const client = new LitNodeClient({
    litNetwork: 'cayenne',
});

await client.connect();

> const res = client.executeJs({

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
const res = await client.executeJs({
```
